Movie Title: Inception. Year: 2010. Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi. Director: Christopher Nolan. Actors: Leonardo DiCaprio, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Elliot Page. Plot: A thief who steals corporate secrets through the use of dream-sharing technology is given the inverse task of planting an idea into the mind of a C.E.O., but his tragic past may doom the project and his team to disaster.. IMDb Rating: 8.8.
Movie Title: The Matrix. Year: 1999. Genre: Action, Sci-Fi. Director: Lana Wachowski, Lilly Wachowski. Actors: Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, Carrie-Anne Moss. Plot: When a beautiful stranger leads computer hacker Neo to a forbidding underworld, he discovers the shocking truth--the life he knows is the elaborate deception of an evil cyber-intelligence.. IMDb Rating: 8.7.
Movie Title: The Godfather. Year: 1972. Genre: Crime, Drama. Director: Francis Ford Coppola. Actors: Marlon Brando, Al Pacino, James Caan. Plot: The aging patriarch of an organized crime dynasty transfers control of his clandestine empire to his reluctant son.. IMDb Rating: 9.2.
Movie Title: Pulp Fiction. Year: 1994. Genre: Crime, Drama. Director: Quentin Tarantino. Actors: John Travolta, Uma Thurman, Samuel L. Jackson. Plot: The lives of two mob hitmen, a boxer, a gangster and his wife, and a pair of diner bandits intertwine in four tales of violence and redemption.. IMDb Rating: 8.8.
Movie Title: Forrest Gump. Year: 1994. Genre: Drama, Romance. Director: Robert Zemeckis. Actors: Tom Hanks, Robin Wright, Gary Sinise. Plot: The history of the United States from the 1950s to the '70s unfolds from the perspective of an Alabama man with an IQ of 75, who yearns to be reunited with his childhood sweetheart.. IMDb Rating: 8.8.
Movie Title: The Dark Knight. Year: 2008. Genre: Action, Crime, Drama. Director: Christopher Nolan. Actors: Christian Bale, Heath Ledger, Aaron Eckhart. Plot: When a menace known as the Joker wreaks havoc and chaos on the people of Gotham, Batman, James Gordon and Harvey Dent must work together to put an end to the madness.. IMDb Rating: 9.1.
Movie Title: Fight Club. Year: 1999. Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller. Director: David Fincher. Actors: Brad Pitt, Edward Norton, Meat Loaf. Plot: An insomniac office worker and a devil-may-care soap maker form an underground fight club that evolves into much more.. IMDb Rating: 8.8.
Movie Title: Goodfellas. Year: 1990. Genre: Biography, Crime, Drama. Director: Martin Scorsese. Actors: Robert De Niro, Ray Liotta, Joe Pesci. Plot: The story of Henry Hill and his life in the mafia, covering his relationship with his wife Karen and his mob partners Jimmy Conway and Tommy DeVito.. IMDb Rating: 8.7.
Movie Title: Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Year: 1980. Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy. Director: Irvin Kershner. Actors: Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher. Plot: After the Empire overpowers the Rebel Alliance, Luke Skywalker begins training with Jedi Master Yoda, while Darth Vader and bounty hunter Boba Fett pursue his friends across the galaxy.. IMDb Rating: 8.7.
Movie Title: Interstellar. Year: 2014. Genre: Adventure, Drama, Sci-Fi. Director: Christopher Nolan. Actors: Matthew McConaughey, Anne Hathaway, Jessica Chastain. Plot: When Earth becomes uninhabitable in the future, a farmer and ex-NASA pilot, Joseph Cooper, is tasked to pilot a spacecraft, along with a team of researchers, to find a new planet for humans.. IMDb Rating: 8.7.
Movie Title: Parasite. Year: 2019. Genre: Drama, Thriller. Director: Bong Joon Ho. Actors: Song Kang-ho, Lee Sun-kyun, Cho Yeo-jeong. Plot: Greed and class discrimination threaten the newly formed symbiotic relationship between the wealthy Park family and the destitute Kim clan.. IMDb Rating: 8.5.
Movie Title: The Lion King. Year: 1994. Genre: Animation, Adventure, Drama. Director: Roger Allers, Rob Minkoff. Actors: Matthew Broderick, Jeremy Irons, James Earl Jones. Plot: Lion prince Simba and his father are targeted by his bitter uncle, who wants to ascend the throne himself.. IMDb Rating: 8.5.
Movie Title: Gladiator. Year: 2000. Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama. Director: Ridley Scott. Actors: Russell Crowe, Joaquin Phoenix, Connie Nielsen. Plot: A former Roman General sets out to exact vengeance against the corrupt emperor who murdered his family and sent him into slavery.. IMDb Rating: 8.5.
Movie Title: Saving Private Ryan. Year: 1998. Genre: Drama, War. Director: Steven Spielberg. Actors: Tom Hanks, Matt Damon, Tom Sizemore. Plot: Following the Normandy Landings, a group of U.S. soldiers go behind enemy lines to retrieve a paratrooper whose comrades have been killed in action.. IMDb Rating: 8.6.
Movie Title: Spirited Away. Year: 2001. Genre: Animation, Adventure, Family. Director: Hayao Miyazaki. Actors: Daveigh Chase, Suzanne Pleshette, Miyu Irino. Plot: During her family's move to the suburbs, a sullen 10-year-old girl wanders into a world ruled by gods, witches and spirits, and where humans are changed into beasts.. IMDb Rating: 8.6.
Movie Title: Back to the Future. Year: 1985. Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Sci-Fi. Director: Robert Zemeckis. Actors: Michael J. Fox, Christopher Lloyd, Lea Thompson. Plot: Marty McFly, a 17-year-old high school student, is accidentally sent 30 years into the past in a time-traveling DeLorean invented by his close friend, the maverick scientist Doc Brown.. IMDb Rating: 8.5.
Movie Title: The Prestige. Year: 2006. Genre: Drama, Mystery, Sci-Fi. Director: Christopher Nolan. Actors: Christian Bale, Hugh Jackman, Scarlett Johansson. Plot: Rival 19th-century magicians engage in a bitter battle for trade secrets.. IMDb Rating: 8.5.
Movie Title: Whiplash. Year: 2014. Genre: Drama, Music. Director: Damien Chazelle. Actors: Miles Teller, J.K. Simmons, Melissa Benoist. Plot: A promising young drummer enrolls at a cut-throat music conservatory where his dreams of greatness are mentored by an instructor who will stop at nothing to realize a student's potential.. IMDb Rating: 8.5.
Movie Title: Django Unchained. Year: 2012. Genre: Drama, Western. Director: Quentin Tarantino. Actors: Jamie Foxx, Christoph Waltz, Leonardo DiCaprio. Plot: With the help of a German bounty-hunter, a freed slave sets out to rescue his wife from a brutal plantation owner in Mississippi.. IMDb Rating: 8.5.
Movie Title: Alien. Year: 1979. Genre: Horror, Sci-Fi. Director: Ridley Scott. Actors: Sigourney Weaver, Tom Skerritt, John Hurt. Plot: After investigating a mysterious transmission of unknown origin, the crew of a commercial spacecraft encounters a deadly lifeform.. IMDb Rating: 8.5.
Movie Title: Blade Runner 2049. Year: 2017. Genre: Action, Drama, Mystery. Director: Denis Villeneuve. Actors: Harrison Ford, Ryan Gosling, Ana de Armas. Plot: Young Blade Runner K's discovery of a long-buried secret leads him to track down former Blade Runner Rick Deckard, who's been missing for thirty years.. IMDb Rating: 8.0.
Movie Title: Mad Max: Fury Road. Year: 2015. Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi. Director: George Miller. Actors: Tom Hardy, Charlize Theron, Nicholas Hoult. Plot: In a post-apocalyptic wasteland, a woman rebels against a tyrannical ruler in search for her homeland with the aid of a group of female prisoners, a psychotic worshipper and a drifter named Max.. IMDb Rating: 8.1.
Movie Title: Get Out. Year: 2017. Genre: Horror, Mystery, Thriller. Director: Jordan Peele. Actors: Daniel Kaluuya, Allison Williams, Bradley Whitford. Plot: A young African-American visits his white girlfriend's parents for the weekend, where his simmering uneasiness about their reception of him eventually reaches a boiling point.. IMDb Rating: 7.8.
Movie Title: The Social Network. Year: 2010. Genre: Biography, Drama. Director: David Fincher. Actors: Jesse Eisenberg, Andrew Garfield, Justin Timberlake. Plot: As Harvard student Mark Zuckerberg creates the social networking site that would become known as Facebook, he is sued by the twins who claimed he stole their idea and by the co-founder who was later squeezed out of the business.. IMDb Rating: 7.8.
Movie Title: Her. Year: 2013. Genre: Drama, Romance, Sci-Fi. Director: Spike Jonze. Actors: Joaquin Phoenix, Amy Adams, Scarlett Johansson. Plot: In the near future, a lonely writer develops an unlikely relationship with an operating system designed to meet his every need.. IMDb Rating: 8.0.
Movie Title: Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. Year: 2004. Genre: Drama, Romance, Sci-Fi. Director: Michel Gondry. Actors: Jim Carrey, Kate Winslet, Tom Wilkinson. Plot: When their relationship turns sour, a couple undergoes a medical procedure to have each other erased from their memories forever.. IMDb Rating: 8.3.
Movie Title: No Country for Old Men. Year: 2007. Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller. Director: Ethan Coen, Joel Coen. Actors: Tommy Lee Jones, Javier Bardem, Josh Brolin. Plot: Violence and mayhem ensue after a hunter stumbles upon the aftermath of a drug deal gone wrong and over two million dollars in cash near the Rio Grande.. IMDb Rating: 8.2.
Movie Title: There Will Be Blood. Year: 2007. Genre: Drama. Director: Paul Thomas Anderson. Actors: Daniel Day-Lewis, Paul Dano, Ciarán Hinds. Plot: A story of family, religion, hatred, oil and madness, focusing on a turn-of-the-century prospector in the early days of the business.. IMDb Rating: 8.2.
Movie Title: A Separation. Year: 2011. Genre: Drama. Director: Asghar Farhadi. Actors: Payman Maadi, Leila Hatami, Sareh Bayat. Plot: A married couple are faced with a difficult decision - to improve the life of their child by moving to another country or to stay in Iran and look after a deteriorating parent who has Alzheimer's disease.. IMDb Rating: 8.3.
Movie Title: Pan's Labyrinth. Year: 2006. Genre: Drama, Fantasy, War. Director: Guillermo del Toro. Actors: Ivana Baquero, Ariadna Gil, Sergi López. Plot: In 1944 Spain, a girl is sent to live with her ruthless stepfather. During the night, she meets a fairy who takes her to an old faun. He tells her she's a princess, but must prove her royalty by surviving three gruesome tasks.. IMDb Rating: 8.2.
Movie Title: City of God. Year: 2002. Genre: Crime, Drama. Director: Fernando Meirelles, Kátia Lund. Actors: Alexandre Rodrigues, Leandro Firmino, Matheus Nachtergaele. Plot: In the slums of Rio, two kids' paths diverge as one struggles to become a photographer and the other a kingpin.. IMDb Rating: 8.6.
Movie Title: Amelie. Year: 2017. Genre: Short. Director: Aurore Damant, Aurore Deman. Actors: Marie Carrour. Plot: N/A. IMDb Rating: N/A.
Movie Title: Oldboy. Year: 2003. Genre: Action, Drama, Mystery. Director: Park Chan-wook. Actors: Choi Min-sik, Yoo Ji-tae, Kang Hye-jeong. Plot: After being kidnapped and imprisoned for fifteen years, Oh Dae-Su is released, only to find that he must track down his captor in five days.. IMDb Rating: 8.3.
Movie Title: The Ultimate 'WALL-E' Recap Cartoon. Year: 2022. Genre: Animation, Short. Director: Brian Bear, Cas van de Pol. Actors: Pepijn Hikspoors, Joe Porter. Plot: N/A. IMDb Rating: N/A.
Movie Title: The Departed. Year: 2006. Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller. Director: Martin Scorsese. Actors: Leonardo DiCaprio, Matt Damon, Jack Nicholson. Plot: An undercover cop and a mole in the police attempt to identify each other while infiltrating an Irish gang in South Boston.. IMDb Rating: 8.5.
Movie Title: Memento. Year: 2000. Genre: Drama, Mystery, Thriller. Director: Christopher Nolan. Actors: Guy Pearce, Carrie-Anne Moss, Joe Pantoliano. Plot: A former insurance investigator who now suffers from anterograde amnesia uses notes and tattoos to hunt down his wife's murderer.. IMDb Rating: 8.4.
Movie Title: Inglourious Basterds. Year: 2009. Genre: Adventure, Drama, War. Director: Quentin Tarantino. Actors: Brad Pitt, Diane Kruger, Eli Roth. Plot: In Nazi-occupied France during World War II, a plan to assassinate Nazi leaders by a group of Jewish U.S. soldiers coincides with a theatre owner's vengeful plans for the same.. IMDb Rating: 8.4.
Movie Title: Snatch. Year: 2000. Genre: Comedy, Crime. Director: Guy Ritchie. Actors: Jason Statham, Brad Pitt, Stephen Graham. Plot: Unscrupulous boxing promoters, violent bookmakers, a Russian gangster, incompetent amateur robbers and supposedly Jewish jewelers fight to track down a priceless stolen diamond.. IMDb Rating: 8.2.
Movie Title: Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels. Year: 1998. Genre: Comedy, Crime. Director: Guy Ritchie. Actors: Jason Flemyng, Dexter Fletcher, Nick Moran. Plot: When four small-time criminals lose a rigged poker game against a London kingpin, he gives them one week to settle their enormous debt.. IMDb Rating: 8.1.
Movie Title: Jurassic Park. Year: 1993. Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi. Director: Steven Spielberg. Actors: Sam Neill, Laura Dern, Jeff Goldblum. Plot: An industrialist invites some experts to visit his theme park of cloned dinosaurs. After a power failure, the creatures run loose, putting everyone's lives, including his grandchildren's, in danger.. IMDb Rating: 8.2.
Movie Title: Terminator 2: Judgment Day. Year: 1991. Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi. Director: James Cameron. Actors: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Linda Hamilton, Edward Furlong. Plot: A cyborg, identical to the one who failed to kill Sarah Connor, must now protect her ten year old son John from an even more advanced and powerful cyborg.. IMDb Rating: 8.6.
Movie Title: The Silence of the Lambs. Year: 1991. Genre: Crime, Drama, Horror. Director: Jonathan Demme. Actors: Jodie Foster, Anthony Hopkins, Scott Glenn. Plot: A young F.B.I. cadet must receive the help of an incarcerated and manipulative cannibal killer to help catch another serial killer, a madman who skins his victims.. IMDb Rating: 8.6.
Movie Title: Se7en. Year: 1995. Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery. Director: David Fincher. Actors: Morgan Freeman, Brad Pitt, Kevin Spacey. Plot: Two detectives, a rookie and a veteran, hunt a serial killer who uses the seven deadly sins as his motives.. IMDb Rating: 8.6.
Movie Title: The Usual Suspects. Year: 1995. Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery. Director: Bryan Singer. Actors: Kevin Spacey, Gabriel Byrne, Chazz Palminteri. Plot: The sole survivor of a pier shoot-out tells the story of how a notorious criminal influenced the events that began with five criminals meeting in a seemingly random police lineup.. IMDb Rating: 8.5.
Movie Title: L.A. Confidential. Year: 1997. Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery. Director: Curtis Hanson. Actors: Kevin Spacey, Russell Crowe, Guy Pearce. Plot: As corruption grows in 1950s Los Angeles, three policemen - one strait-laced, one brutal, and one sleazy - investigate a series of murders with their own brand of justice.. IMDb Rating: 8.2.
Movie Title: Fargo. Year: 1996. Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller. Director: Joel Coen, Ethan Coen. Actors: William H. Macy, Frances McDormand, Steve Buscemi. Plot: Minnesota car salesman Jerry Lundegaard's inept crime falls apart due to his and his henchmen's bungling and the persistent police work of the quite pregnant Marge Gunderson.. IMDb Rating: 8.1.
Movie Title: Reservoir Dogs. Year: 1992. Genre: Crime, Thriller. Director: Quentin Tarantino. Actors: Harvey Keitel, Tim Roth, Michael Madsen. Plot: When a simple jewelry heist goes horribly wrong, the surviving criminals begin to suspect that one of them is a police informant.. IMDb Rating: 8.3.
Movie Title: Casablanca. Year: 1942. Genre: Drama, Romance, War. Director: Michael Curtiz. Actors: Humphrey Bogart, Ingrid Bergman, Paul Henreid. Plot: A cynical expatriate American cafe owner struggles to decide whether or not to help his former lover and her fugitive husband escape the Nazis in French Morocco.. IMDb Rating: 8.5.
Movie Title: Citizen Kane. Year: 1941. Genre: Drama, Mystery. Director: Orson Welles. Actors: Orson Welles, Joseph Cotten, Dorothy Comingore. Plot: Following the death of publishing tycoon Charles Foster Kane, reporters scramble to uncover the meaning of his final utterance: 'Rosebud.'. IMDb Rating: 8.2.
Movie Title: Psycho. Year: 1960. Genre: Drama, Horror, Mystery. Director: Alfred Hitchcock. Actors: Anthony Perkins, Janet Leigh, Vera Miles. Plot: A secretary on the run for embezzlement takes refuge at a secluded California motel owned by a repressed man and his overbearing mother.. IMDb Rating: 8.5.
Movie Title: Rear Window. Year: 1954. Genre: Drama, Mystery, Thriller. Director: Alfred Hitchcock. Actors: James Stewart, Grace Kelly, Wendell Corey. Plot: A bored photographer recovering from a broken leg passes the time by watching his neighbors and begins to suspect one of them of murder.. IMDb Rating: 8.5.
Movie Title: 2001: A Space Odyssey. Year: 1968. Genre: Adventure, Sci-Fi. Director: Stanley Kubrick. Actors: Keir Dullea, Gary Lockwood, William Sylvester. Plot: When a mysterious artifact is uncovered on the Moon, a spacecraft manned by two humans and one supercomputer is sent to Jupiter to find its origins.. IMDb Rating: 8.3.
Movie Title: Apocalypse Now. Year: 1979. Genre: Drama, Mystery, War. Director: Francis Ford Coppola. Actors: Martin Sheen, Marlon Brando, Robert Duvall. Plot: A U.S. Army officer serving in Vietnam is tasked with assassinating a renegade Special Forces Colonel who sees himself as a god.. IMDb Rating: 8.4.
Movie Title: Taxi Driver. Year: 1976. Genre: Crime, Drama. Director: Martin Scorsese. Actors: Robert De Niro, Jodie Foster, Cybill Shepherd. Plot: A mentally unstable veteran works as a nighttime taxi driver in New York City, where the perceived decadence and sleaze fuels his urge for violent action.. IMDb Rating: 8.2.
Movie Title: Raging Bull. Year: 1980. Genre: Biography, Drama, Sport. Director: Martin Scorsese. Actors: Robert De Niro, Cathy Moriarty, Joe Pesci. Plot: The life of boxer Jake LaMotta, whose violence and temper that led him to the top in the ring destroyed his life outside of it.. IMDb Rating: 8.1.
Movie Title: Good Will Hunting. Year: 1997. Genre: Drama, Romance. Director: Gus Van Sant. Actors: Robin Williams, Matt Damon, Ben Affleck. Plot: A therapist counsels Will Hunting, a janitor with a genius IQ.. IMDb Rating: 8.3.
Movie Title: The Truman Show. Year: 1998. Genre: Comedy, Drama. Director: Peter Weir. Actors: Jim Carrey, Ed Harris, Laura Linney. Plot: An insurance salesman begins to suspect that his whole life is actually some sort of reality TV show.. IMDb Rating: 8.2.
Movie Title: Jaws. Year: 1975. Genre: Adventure, Horror, Thriller. Director: Steven Spielberg. Actors: Roy Scheider, Robert Shaw, Richard Dreyfuss. Plot: When a massive killer shark unleashes chaos on a beach community off Long Island, it's up to the local police chief, a marine biologist, and an old seafarer to hunt the beast down.. IMDb Rating: 8.1.
Movie Title: E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial. Year: 1982. Genre: Adventure, Family, Sci-Fi. Director: Steven Spielberg. Actors: Henry Thomas, Drew Barrymore, Peter Coyote. Plot: A troubled child summons the courage to help a friendly alien escape from Earth and return to his home planet.. IMDb Rating: 7.9.
Movie Title: Schindler's List. Year: 1993. Genre: Biography, Drama, History. Director: Steven Spielberg. Actors: Liam Neeson, Ralph Fiennes, Ben Kingsley. Plot: In German-occupied Poland during World War II, industrialist Oskar Schindler gradually becomes concerned for his Jewish workforce after witnessing their persecution by the Nazis.. IMDb Rating: 9.0.
Movie Title: The Green Mile. Year: 1999. Genre: Crime, Drama, Fantasy. Director: Frank Darabont. Actors: Tom Hanks, Michael Clarke Duncan, David Morse. Plot: A death row guard learns that a gentle giant in his charge possesses a mysterious gift.. IMDb Rating: 8.6.
Movie Title: The Shawshank Redemption. Year: 1994. Genre: Drama. Director: Frank Darabont. Actors: Tim Robbins, Morgan Freeman, Bob Gunton. Plot: A banker convicted of uxoricide forms a friendship over a quarter century with a hardened convict, while maintaining his innocence and trying to remain hopeful through simple compassion.. IMDb Rating: 9.3.
